[4.0] Chip docs (#1287)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/chip/appearance.md

---
title: Appearance
page_title: Chip - Appearance
description: Appearance settings of the Chip for Blazor.
slug: chip-appearance
tags: telerik,blazor,chip,appearance
published: True
position: 35
---

# Chip Settings

> You can control the appearance of the Chip by using the following attribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can control the appearance of the Chip by using the following parameters:
```

> * [FillMode](#fillmode)

Reviewer: How about alphabetic sorting?

* [Size](#size)
* [Rounded](#rounded)
* [ThemeColor](#themecolor)

## FillMode

> The `FillMode` controls how the Chip is filled. You can set it to a member of the `Telerik.Blazor.ThemeConstants.Chip.FillMode` class:

Reviewer: It's good to explain non-self-evident parameters with different words, i.e. other than "filled". You can say something like "The FillMode affects the background and borders"

> The `FillMode` controls how the Chip is filled. You can set it to a member of the `Telerik.Blazor.ThemeConstants.Chip.FillMode` class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `FillMode` affects the presence of a background and borders. You can set it to a member of the `Telerik.Blazor.ThemeConstants.Chip.FillMode` class:
```

}

@code {
    private bool IsChipSelected { get; set; }
}
````

## Rounded

The `Rounded` attribute applies the `border-radius` CSS rule to the Chip to achieve curving of the edges. You can set it to a member of the `Telerik.Blazor.ThemeConstants.Chip.Rounded` class:

| Class member | Manual declaration |
|------------|--------|
|`Small` |`sm`|
|`Medium`|`md`|
|`Large`|`lg`|

>caption The built-in values of the Rounded attribute

````CSHTML
@* The built-in values of the Rounded attribute.  *@

@{
    var fields = typeof(Telerik.Blazor.ThemeConstants.Chip.Rounded)
        .GetFields(System.Reflection.BindingFlags.Public | System.Reflection.BindingFlags.Static
        | System.Reflection.BindingFlags.FlattenHierarchy)
        .Where(field => field.IsLiteral && !field.IsInitOnly).ToList();

    foreach (var field in fields)
    {
        string rounded = field.GetValue(null).ToString();

        <div style="float:left; margin: 20px;">
            <TelerikChip @bind-Selected="@IsChipSelected"
                 Rounded="@rounded"
                 Text="Audio">
            </TelerikChip>
        </div>
    }
}

@code {
    private bool IsChipSelected { get; set; }
}
````

## ThemeColor

> The color of the Chip is controlled through the `ThemeColor` parameter. You can set it to a member of the `Telerik.Blazor.ThemeConstants.Chip.ThemeColor` class:

Reviewer: "The color of the Chip is controlled" sounds like this is the only way.

```suggestion
The `ThemeColor` parameter applies a predefined text color and background color. Use a member of the `Telerik.Blazor.ThemeConstants.Chip.ThemeColor` class:
```
